Skip to main content
LinkedIn
Articles
People
Learning
Jobs
Games
Get the app
Join now Sign in
GIGXR
Software Development
Los Angeles, California 2,181 followers
SaaS platform delivering extended reality (XR) learning applications for healthcare, higher education and enterprise.
Follow
  
View all 20 employees
Report this company
About us

At GIGXR we have a proven track record for recognizing key problems in education and training and unlocking the potential of extended reality (XR) technologies to solve them. We are an energetic and responsive company creating innovative applications to solve perennial problems around visualization and 3D understanding in the education and training market. Our flagship applications, HoloPatient and HoloHuman, facilitate clinical skills practice and anatomy learning. Designed to simulate, enhance and extend already existing pedagogical approaches, our tools support active and collaborative learning, simulation and visualisation of 3D concepts. Connected and powered by our proprietary management platform, these applications provide the ultimate visual tools for education and training in medical, nursing, health science, and anatomy ideal for schools in higher education, vocational education, hospitals, industry, government and college prep markets.

Website
https://www.gigxr.com/

External link for GIGXR

Industry
Software Development
Company size
11-50 employees
Headquarters
Los Angeles, California
Type
Privately Held
Founded
2019
Locations
Primary

1318 Pacific Avenue, Venice

Los Angeles, California 90291, US

Get directions

Epworth House, 25 City Rd, Shoreditch

London, Greater London EC1Y 1AA, GB

Get directions
Employees at GIGXR
Michael Tessler
Managing Partner at True North Advisory
Dave Lin
VP of Engineering @ GIGXR | Immersive Solutions, Mixed Reality
John Payne
CEO | Exec Chairman | Advisor | Startups | Jumpstarts
David King Lassman
Founder at GIGXR
See all employees
Updates
GIGXR

2,181 followers

5d
Report this post

Thank you XR Today for naming GigXR a Top XR Vendor in Healthcare!

XR Today

14,711 followers

5d

The Top Vendors Using XR in #Healthcare in 2024 👨⚕️🌐 Extended Reality in healthcare is becoming increasingly commonplace as medical leaders search for ways to enhance professional training and patient care. Augmented, virtual, and mixed reality technologies offer organizations various ways to transform the healthcare market.   With virtual reality, surgeons and doctors can hone critical skills without risking patient safety or using crucial resources. With augmented and mixed realities, clinicians can connect with patients wherever they are, offering immersive support and guidance.   We’ve examined the burgeoning landscape of XR in healthcare to bring you this behind-the-scenes insight into some of the top vendors in the field.   Full list 👉 https://lnkd.in/d-f2ZqGM #xr #ar #vr

The Top Vendors Using XR in Healthcare in 2024 - XR Today
https://www.xrtoday.com
   11
Like Comment Share
GIGXR

2,181 followers

2w
Report this post

We had a great time at the VA Immersive Summit! It was fabulous to see all the incredible work being done and to share our platform's applications with the great people from across the country who care for our veterans!

Eva Powers

Microsoft Veterans Affairs Growth and Innovation Lead | Mental Health & Suicide Prevention Advocate

2w Edited

This week, Jude Soundar and I had the incredible opportunity to attend the VA Immersive Summit, hosted by the Veterans Health Administration. It was one of the most engaging conferences I’ve experienced, where attendees could truly SEE the future of healthcare through immersive technology. Here are just a few of the augmented and virtual reality (AR/VR) companies making significant strides in clinical innovations to help our veterans: ⭐️ GIGXR is revolutionizing healthcare training with immersive technology using Microsoft’s #HoloLens. ⭐️ Cabana provides an app that’s easily accessible to veterans no matter their location, with offerings around daily support for mental health. They also have immersive micro-vacation pods! (Extra brownie points for building their platform on Microsoft #Azure! ☁️) ⭐️ Cleanbox Technology offers a fully contained and mobile medical-grade disinfecting device that thoroughly cleans AR/VR headsets (and more!) in just one minute. (Thanks for cleaning my phone Amy!) ⭐️ FireflyVR has developed a experience to enhance the outcomes of mental health therapies. I was especially interested to learn what their doing to help those going through ketamine treatment. ⭐️ Healium tracks your baseline stress levels and leads you through a meditative experience, ensuring you’re relaxing throughout the process. I felt like I snuck in a mid-day nap after trying it out. ⭐️ HouseCall VR is a patient education platform that helps physicians guide their patients through diagnosis and treatment plans. ⭐️ Magic Horizons offered some visually incredible AR/VR immersions, focused on achieving full relaxation from daily stressors and helping with relaxation during medical treatments. ⭐️ Waya Health offers customizable rehabilitation VR experiences, enabling physicians to analyze patient progress and adjust treatment plans accordingly. ⭐️ and many others I didn’t have the time to stop and connect with. It was great to hear from Dr. Tamara Campbell, the VHA Executive Director of the Office of Mental Health, on the progress VHA is making in integrated mental health care including work with AR/VR to improve Veterans’ mental health and wellbeing. I was so #immersed in the experience that I forgot to take pictures in the headsets, but I did manage to get one with the VHA Under Secretary, Dr. Shereef Elnahal. A big thank you to Anne, Caitlin, and Evan for having us! Congratulations on the launch of your new VA Immersive Team! We can’t wait to see how these innovations will continue to benefit our veterans over the next year. #HeadsInHeadsets U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs | XR Association | VR/AR Association (VRARA) | Microsoft David King Lassman | Daniel Schinkel | David Black | Nick Armstrong, PhD | Lorenzo Vallone | Matthew Gravelle | Andy Mathis | Joe Morgan, MD | Linda Ciavarelli, DPM | AG Ciavarelli | Sarah Hill | Karolina Arbova | Giorgio Koppehele | Jonathan Thornhill | Ariane Fikki | Kaitlyn O'Connor | Stephanie Montgomery

 3
Like Comment Share
GIGXR

2,181 followers

3w
Report this post

Setting up a standardized patient simulation is easy, especially when the standardized patient is a hologram!

Bryce Armstrong

Head of Business Development, Training Systems at WorldViz VR

3w Edited

PRISM clients continue to push the boundaries of healthcare training in #mixedreality. This is #VizMovePRISM with a patient case from GIGXR viewed through a HoloLens. #HealthcareSimulation #simulation #training WorldViz VR

 8
Like Comment Share
GIGXR

2,181 followers

1mo
Report this post

See what you can do with holographic standardized patients!

Dr. Stephen Ojo

Emergency Medicine Doctor| Hon. Assistant Professor| Healthcare Educator| Tech-Enhanced Education Lead| Medical Training & Clinical Research| Innovating Medical Education with AR/AI/VR

1mo Edited

Some early videos at the start of immersive learning for your view The FILMS Introduction 4mins ( For final year medical students at UoN and DREEAM use only) https://lnkd.in/eZMT3_dV Hololens2.0 at DREEAM Introduction https://lnkd.in/eAnDMuCC https://lnkd.in/eZMT3_dV Hololens2.0 at DREEAM Introduction https://lnkd.in/eAnDMuCC

Immersive Learning Education with Mixed Reality
https://www.youtube.com/
  10
Like Comment Share
GIGXR

2,181 followers

1mo
Report this post

Join Chris Hartman, our VP, Product, as he speaks on a panel hosted by Product Managers Association of Los Angeles to discuss how immersive experiences are changing how we interact with the world!

Product Managers Association of Los Angeles

1,215 followers

1mo

Interested in learning how immersive experiences are changing the way we interact with the world? 🌎📱 Join us on Thursday, May 30th, at Slickdeals HQ in Westwood Village to hear from an amazing panel of AR/VR Product Developers and Content Creators who will share their vision for the future. 🥽 We'll be stepping into the world of AR/VR products and learning from the experience of industry pioneers. Whether you're a seasoned developer or just curious about this cutting-edge tech, this is the place to be to uncover the challenges, triumphs, and insights of developing captivating experiences that blur the lines between the physical and digital worlds. As always, we'll have plenty of time for networking too! 🍸 Guest Speakers: • Andy Van den Broeck, CEO @ RealityMatters • Wadooah Wali, Co-Founder & CSO @ New Canvas • And other amazing industry leaders we are excited to announce Earlybird tickets 🎟 are on sale now for 💲10 and will be available through **tomorrow** on our Eventbrite page. Regular price is $20, so don't miss out! Food and Drink are included in your purchase! 🍕🍺 A big thanks to Slickdeals for hosting and our organizers Navjot Brar, Ana Isabel T., Ornat Ní Mhuirí, Josh Rothstein, Ammar Muhammad, and Ethan Cole PhD of PMA.LA. #AR #VR #XR #productmanagers #startups #pmala

Immersive Realities: Crafting Content & Products for AR/VR
eventbrite.com
  10
Like Comment Share
GIGXR

2,181 followers

1mo
Report this post

Our partner has rebranded as Elevate Healthcare. New name, yet still the same great partner!

Elevate Healthcare

21,399 followers

1mo

Just a few hours ago, we unveiled our new company name: Elevate Healthcare! 🚀 This change is a significant milestone in our journey and a symbol of our firm dedication to transforming healthcare education and simulation through innovation. Jeff Evans, CEO and President, describes it best: “While our name may have changed, our commitment to exceptional products and services remains unwavering. With this rebranding, we are reinforcing our dedication to addressing the most impactful needs in healthcare education and tackling staff shortages head-on.” At Elevate Healthcare, we are exceptionally proud and ready to deliver state-of-the-art solutions to help set healthcare professionals up for success. Learn more about the inspiration behind our rebrand and what it means for the future: 👉 https://bit.ly/3WHc90D

Elevate Healthcare Emerges as Healthcare Simulation Leader Following Acquisition and Rebranding | Elevate Healthcare
elevatehealth.net
  3
Like Comment Share
GIGXR

2,181 followers

1mo Edited
Report this post

In this episode of ExploreXR, David King Lassman is joined by Dr. Stephen Ojo — a Specialty Doctor in Emergency Medicine at Queens Medical Centre, Nottingham University Hospitals NHS Trust in the United Kingdom. Dr. Ojo is a power user of immersive technologies to deliver education. He speaks about his approach and that of DREEAM NUH. Give it a listen! https://lnkd.in/eq7J6K6y

…see more
  23 3 Comments
Like Comment Share
GIGXR

2,181 followers

1mo
Report this post

Happy National Nurses Day and a great beginning to National Nurses Week. We are proud to provide value to nurses around the globe in hopes to make a healthier world!

 23 2 Comments
Like Comment Share
GIGXR

2,181 followers

2mo
Report this post

We love to see the collaborations!

Clinical Skills Centre, University of Nottingham

58 followers

2mo

Yesterday, Nick Turton & Emma Davies visited DREEAM NUH and met Dr Stephen Ojo, who kindly took time to demonstrate how they are using Hololens2 combined with software from GIGXR (holopatient & holohuman) in their undergrad education program.

   16 1 Comment
Like Comment Share

GIGXR reposted this

Andrea Jones

Senior Lecturer at University of Chester, MSc, FHEA, RGN

2mo
Report this post

Exploring HoloPatient and HoloHuman platforms. The next stage is to incorporate it further into nursing students' curriculum.

   37 6 Comments
Like Comment Share
Join now to see what you are missing
Find people you know at GIGXR
Browse recommended jobs for you
View all updates, news, and articles
Join now
Similar pages
ANIMA RES - 3d medical animation / AR / MR / VR

Animation

Bonn, North Rhine-Westphalia

Elevate Healthcare

Hospitals and Health Care

Sarasota, FL

Fracture Reality

Software Development

Brighton and Hove, East Sussex

Commons

Wellness and Fitness Services

Hybrid Medical Animation

Animation and Post-production

Minneapolis, Minnesota

Medivis

Medical Equipment Manufacturing

New York, New York

Croquet

Software Development

Los Angeles, California

FundamentalVR

Medical Device

The Holomedicine Association

IT Services and IT Consulting

Ghost Productions Medical Animation and Surgical VR

Animation and Post-production

Roseville, Minnesota

Show more similar pages Show fewer similar pages
Browse jobs
Implementation Manager jobs
151,864 open jobs
Director jobs
1,374,979 open jobs
Design Consultant jobs
22,942 open jobs
Director of Learning jobs
16,329 open jobs
Instructional Designer jobs
6,882 open jobs
Content Manager jobs
69,369 open jobs
Product Manager jobs
258,695 open jobs
Accounting Intern jobs
3,923 open jobs
Writer jobs
32,916 open jobs
Manager jobs
2,003,890 open jobs
Analyst jobs
760,055 open jobs
Executive jobs
700,389 open jobs
Engineer jobs
608,159 open jobs
Clinical Manager jobs
85,751 open jobs
Community Manager jobs
128,583 open jobs
Account Manager jobs
152,491 open jobs
Product Operations Manager jobs
71,804 open jobs
Product Designer jobs
73,307 open jobs
Direct Marketing Manager jobs
3,864 open jobs
Vice President Channel jobs
14,554 open jobs
Show more jobs like this Show fewer jobs like this
Funding
GIGXR 2 total rounds

Last Round

Corporate round Feb 18, 2022
External Crunchbase Link for last round of funding

Investors

 Northwest Permanente P.C.
See more info on crunchbase
More searches More searches
Strategist jobs
User Experience Designer jobs
Network Engineer jobs
Practice Manager jobs
Manager jobs
Quality Assurance Analyst jobs
Advocate jobs
Registered Nurse jobs
Solutions Architect jobs
Project Manager jobs
Nurse jobs
Specialist jobs
Product Manager jobs
Junior Designer jobs
Product Designer jobs
Designer jobs
Office Manager jobs
Project Engineer jobs
Strategy Manager jobs
Head of Product jobs
Interpreter jobs
Customer Trainer jobs
Translator jobs
Director Sales Operations jobs
Technical Artist jobs
Technical Director jobs
Delivery Manager jobs
Senior Project Manager jobs
Director jobs
Travel Nurse jobs
Consultant jobs
Engineer jobs
Property Specialist jobs
Accounts Receivable Specialist jobs
Assistant Creative Director jobs
Platform Engineer jobs
Creative Director jobs
Unity Developer jobs
Product Development Specialist jobs
Ecommerce Manager jobs
Staff Accountant jobs
Marketing Coordinator jobs
Engineering Analyst jobs
Social Media Manager jobs
Marketing Specialist jobs
Writer jobs
Marketing Manager jobs
Design Manager jobs
Construction Project Manager jobs
Nursing Instructor jobs
Control Engineer jobs
Superintendent jobs
Purchasing Manager jobs
Industrial Engineer jobs
Estimator jobs
Engineering Manager jobs
Analyst jobs
Information Technology Manager jobs
Design Engineer jobs
Sales Manager jobs
LinkedIn © 2024
About
Accessibility
User Agreement
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Copyright Policy
Brand Policy
Guest Controls
Community Guidelines
العربية (Arabic)
Čeština (Czech)
Dansk (Danish)
Deutsch (German)
English (English)
Español (Spanish)
Français (French)
हिंदी (Hindi)
Bahasa Indonesia (Indonesian)
Italiano (Italian)
日本語 (Japanese)
한국어 (Korean)
Bahasa Malaysia (Malay)
Nederlands (Dutch)
Norsk (Norwegian)
Polski (Polish)
Português (Portuguese)
Română (Romanian)
Русский (Russian)
Svenska (Swedish)
ภาษาไทย (Thai)
Tagalog (Tagalog)
Türkçe (Turkish)
Українська (Ukrainian)
简体中文 (Chinese (Simplified))
正體中文 (Chinese (Traditional))
Language

Agree & Join LinkedIn

By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.

Sign in to see your connections at GIGXR
  

20 GIGXR employees

Sign in
Welcome back
Email or phone

Password
 Show

Forgot password? Sign in

or

By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.

New to LinkedIn? Join now

or

By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.

New to LinkedIn? Join now

LinkedIn

LinkedIn is better on the app

Don’t have the app? Get it in the Microsoft Store.

Open the app 